# This Weeks Accomplishments: September 27 - October 3, 2015

## This Week's Focus: Bake!

## Things I Did From the List:
- [x] Make pumpkin bread french toast
- [x] Learn about nodebots

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Make apple pie
- [ ] Read more of The Fifth Season (The Broken Earth #1) by N.K. Jemisin
- [ ] Find a dermatologist

### Additional Things I Did

## Next Week's Focus: [Start OSS University](https://github.com/open-source-society/computer-science-and-engineering)

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] CS50x3 Introduction to Computer Science Lecture Week 0
- [ ] Get an arduino book and START
- [ ] Read more of The Fifth Season (The Broken Earth #1) by N.K. Jemisin
- [ ] Exercise again
- [ ] Find a dermatologist

### Week in Review
My plans were derailed last week by feeling sick. I got sick on Thursday and it
lasted through Saturday. I'm feeling much better now so I'm ready to get back in
to things.

I found this thing on github about a self taught path in Computer Science and I
really want to do it. I've talked about going back to school for a CS degree but
money, time, and I'm unsure it's worth it. A free online course I can definitely
do and it helps that there's a list to work through and a community starting
around it.

I saw The Martian on Sunday and holy crap did it motivate me. I felt this same
way when I finished reading the book. I turned to Josh and said "I want to work
for NASA and I don't know that I'm kidding this time." Is that something I can
actually do? I have no idea but it doesn't even matter because I just really want
to do cool shit right now.
