# This Weeks Accomplishments: July 19-25, 2015

## This Week's Focus: Complete the<br/> [Command Line Power Users videos](http://commandlinepoweruser.com/)

## Things I Did From the List:
- [x] Complete the <br/>[Command Line Power Users videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLu8EoSxDXHP7tXPJp5ZmUpuT7sFvrswzf)
- [x] [Update Notes](https://gist.github.com/MongooseDoom/decd933d7d04ce4ee8aa)
- [x] The Great Hypnotist 7/19 @ 2:40pm
- [x] Unlucky Plaza 7/19 @ 5:45pm :star:
- [x] The Happiness of the Katakuris 7/19 @ 10:30pm :star:
- [x] Experimental Shorts @ 1:30pm :star:
- [x] Flowers of Shanghai 7/20 @ 3:30pm :grey_question:
- [x] Finished Assassin's Apprentice (Farseer Trilogy #1) by Robin Hobb
- [x] Finished The Martian by Andy Weir

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Get rental car for Orlando trip by July 22nd
- [ ] Someone Else 7/19 @ 1pm
- [ ] Dearest 7/20 @ 6pm :grey_question:
- [ ] Pale Moon 7/20 @ 8:30pm
- [ ] For the Emperor 7/20 @ 10:45pm
- [ ] Eat With Me 7/21 @ 6pm :star:
- [ ] Golden Cane Warrior 7/21 @ 8pm
- [ ] World of Kanako 7/21 @ 10:20pm
- [ ] Solomon's Perjury II: Judgement 7/22 @ 8pm :star:

### Additional Things I Did
- [x] Worked on PHP track on treehouse

## Next Week's Focus: Prepare for Command Line Workshop

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Do a command line workshop @due(2015-07-30)
- [ ] Study 3 times
- [ ] Exercise 3 times


### Week in Review

What a tiring week! I missed a lot of movies because I was just exhausted from working and then traveling to the theatre. I also hurt my eyes pretty bad from staring at so many screens every day. It's all over now! I enjoyed a lot of the films I saw this year and I already bought tickets for next year.

I think my favorites were Solomon's Perjury, Big Match, and Women Who Flirt. Mystery, action, and romance!

I have a lot of work I want to do regarding my studying and workshops. I've been in a state of depression the last few weeks and it's been rough. For me it means feeling extra lonely and not working towards any of my interests. I have a renewed sense of purpose (for reasons I can't reveal yet :wink:) and it feels good to be back. I don't do very well when I'm not devoting myself to something.

I'm going to keep it a bit light next week so I can focus on the workshop.
