# This Weeks Accomplishments: September 13-19, 2015

## This Week's Focus: Prepare Flexbox Workshop

## Things I Did From the List:
- [x] Exercise

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Prepare Flexbox Presentation
- [ ] Read 7 Instapaper articles [1/7]

### Additional Things I Did
- [x] Read half of MEAN Machine

## Next Week's Focus: Flexbox Workshop

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Prepare for Flexbox Workshop
- [ ] Give Flexbox Workshop
- [ ] Read more MEAN Machine

### Week in Review
I totally got sidetracked this week. I was supposed to focus on preparing for my
flexbox workshop but instead I discovered how fun it was to work with Node.js
and I bought the book MEAN Machine. I'm already halfway through it and spent
most of my Sunday working through it. It's been the most fun web development
stuff I've done in awhile.

I didn't write my week review last week so I'll talk about it here. I have been
kind of depressed lately. I was having some health issues, my face has been
breaking out, and I just haven't felt that great about myself. I've been doing
fairly well on my career side of things but everything else just felt like it was
falling apart. I'm turning things around but things have been rough. I need to
work on my confidence and just being happy with myself again.

I also started working on a project with my friends. It's weird to organize
something like that. I don't think we're used to communicating to each other that
way. Next week we'll probably start actually coding something so it will be
interesting what happens.
